docs: Add details to TrackedEntitiesExportController spec (#16782)
dhis2/dhis2-core: dhis-2/dhis-web-api/src/main/resources/openapi/TrackedEntitiesExportController.md

`<orgUnit1-uid>[,<orgUnit2-uid>...]`

Get tracked entities and enrollments owned by given orgUnits relative to the `orgUnitMode` and
`program` parameters. If a `program` is provided, the ownership is determied with this program. When

> no program is provided, the registration org unit for the tracked entity would be used to determine

Author: Yeah that makes sense.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentStatus`

Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with the status specified.

Valid options are:
- `ACTIVE`
- `COMPLETED`
- `CANCELLED`

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.programStatus`

Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with the status specified.

Valid options are:
- `ACTIVE`
- `COMPLETED`
- `CANCELLED`

**DEPRECATED as of 2.42:** Use parameter `enrollmentStatus` instead.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.followUp`

> Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment that is marked with follow up.

Reviewer: Here and in the whole file
```suggestion
Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment that is marked with follow up.
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.updatedAfter`

> Get tracked entities that is updated after the given time. The update can be on the tracked entity

Reviewer: This isn't very clear to me.
We should have `updatedAt` on a tracked entity always in sync with any `updatedAt` of enrollments, events or attributes. Here it seems that we are collecting all the `updatedAt` from the listed entities and providing the latest one, implying that the tracked entity one could not be the latest one

Reviewer 2: Reworded it a bit. Lmk what you think.

Reviewer: LGTM, I would add the relationships and add the same description for `updatedBefore`

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentStatus`

> Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with the status specified.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with the specified status.
```

I might be wrong but I think the order/grammar is wrong 🤔

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.programStatus`

Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with the status specified.

**DEPRECATED as of 2.42:** Use parameter `enrollmentStatus` instead.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.followUp`

Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment that is marked with follow up.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.updatedAfter`

> Get tracked entities that are updated after the given time. A tracked entity is considered 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that were updated after the given time. A tracked entity is considered 
```

updated if any of its tracked entity attributes,  enrollments, events or relationships have been 

> modified. The `updatedAt` property of the tracked entity reflects the latest time  at which any 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
modified. The `updatedAt` property of the tracked entity reflects the latest time at which any 
```

of its tracked entity attributes, enrollments, events or relationships were modified.
This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included 
in the response.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.updatedBefore`

> Get tracked entities that is updated before the given time. A tracked entity is considered 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that are updated before the given time. A tracked entity is considered 
```

updated if any of its tracked entity attributes, enrollments, events or relationships have been 
modified. The `updatedAt` property of the tracked entity reflects the latest time at which any 
of its tracked entity attributes, enrollments, events or relationships were modified. This 
parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included in 
the response.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.updatedWithin`

Get tracked entities updated since given ISO-8601 duration. A tracked entity is considered 

> updated if any of its tracked entity attributes,  enrollments, events or relationships have been 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
updated if any of its tracked entity attributes, enrollments, events or relationships have been 
```

> modified. The `updatedAt` property of the tracked entity reflects the latest time  at which any 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
modified. The `updatedAt` property of the tracked entity reflects the latest time at which any 
```

of its tracked entity attributes, enrollments, events or relationships were modified.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentEnrolledAfter`

> Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date after this date.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with an enrollment date after this date.
```

> Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date after this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with an enrollment date after this date.
```

This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included 
in the response.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentEnrolledBefore`

> Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date before this date.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with an enrollment date before this date.
```

> Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date before this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with an enrollment date before this date.
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentStatus`

Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with the status specified.

Valid options are:

> - `ACTIVE`

Reviewer 3: I don't think we need to mention the options here 🤔 please generate the spec and check. I think our spec picks up the enum and shows the valid options already. You would only list them to add some details like you do with modes.

Reviewer 2: Yes you are right. I removed it. The spec shows "Allowed Values. "

enrollments, events or relationships have been modified. The `updatedAt` property of the tracked entity reflects the latest time
at which any of its tracked entity attributes, enrollments, events or relationships were modified.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentEnrolledAfter`

Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date after this date.
This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included in the response.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentEnrolledBefore`

Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date before this date.
This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included in the response.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentOccurredAfter`

Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with an occurred date after this date.
This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included in the response.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentOccurredBefore`

> Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an occurred date before this date.

Reviewer 3: `that have`

ownership to the given `program` will be used to determine access to the tracked entities.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.programStatus`

Get a tracked entity that has at least one enrollment with the status specified.

Valid options are:
- `ACTIVE`
- `COMPLETED`
- `CANCELLED`

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.followUp`

Gets a tracked entities that has at least one enrollment that is marked with follow up.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.updatedAfter`

Gets tracked entities that is updated after the given time. The update can be on the tracked entity
or on one of the tracked entity attributes, enrollments or events for that tracked entity.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.updatedBefore`

Gets tracked entities that is updated before the given time. The update can be on the tracked entity
or on one of the tracked entity attributes, enrollments or events for that tracked entity.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.updatedWithin`

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentEnrolledAfter`

Gets tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date after the date

> specified in `enrollmentEnrolledAfter`.

Reviewer 3: if we write something like `after this date` we don't have to repeat the parameter name which will be right next to the description in the docs UI.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.updatedBefore`

> Get tracked entities that are updated before the given time. A tracked entity is considered 

Reviewer 3: Is it not `were` like in the change before?

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentEnrolledAfter`

Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date after this date.
This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included in the response.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentEnrolledBefore`

Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an enrollment date before this date.
This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included in the response.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.enrollmentOccurredAfter`

> Get tracked entities that has at least one enrollment with an occurred date this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that have at least one enrollment with an occurred date after this date.
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.assignedUserMode`

Get tracked entities and enrollments based on the user assignment in the events of these
enrollments.

> - When `assignedUserMode=ME` tracked entities and enrollments that has at least one event assigned

Reviewer 3: I don't think this mode exists https://github.com/dhis2/dhis2-core/blob/master/dhis-2/dhis-api/src/main/java/org/hisp/dhis/common/AssignedUserSelectionMode.java

Get tracked entities with events assigned to users according to the specified user mode. By default,
all events will be retrieved, regardless of whether a user is assigned.

- When `assignedUserMode=ALL` or no `assignedUserMode`(default) is given, tracked entities are 
  returned irrespective of whether they contain events assigned to a user or not.
 
- When `assignedUserMode=CURRENT`, tracked entities that have at least one event
  assigned to the logged-in user will be returned.

- When `assignedUserMode=ANY`,tracked entities that have at least one event with
  an assigned user will be returned.

> - When `assignedUserMode=NONE`, tracked entities that have no events 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When `assignedUserMode=NONE`, tracked entities that have no event 
```

Get tracked entities with events assigned to users according to the specified user mode. By default,
all events will be retrieved, regardless of whether a user is assigned.

- When `assignedUserMode=ALL` or no `assingedUserMode`(default) is given, tracked entities and
  enrollments are returned irrespective of wether they contain events assigned to a user or not.

>   This is the default org unit mode. 

Reviewer 3: >   This is the default org unit mode. 
maybe a copy paste error

> - When `assignedUserMode=CURRENT` tracked entities and enrollments that has at least one event

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When `assignedUserMode=CURRENT` tracked entities and enrollments that have at least one event
```

  assigned to the logged in user will be returned.

> - When `assignedUserMode=ANY` tracked entities and enrollments that has at least one event with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When `assignedUserMode=ANY` tracked entities and enrollments that have at least one event with
```

  an assigned user will be returned.

> - When `assignedUserMode=NONE` tracked entities with no events assigned to any user will be

Reviewer 3: before you mention TE and EN and here only TEs, why is that?

Reviewer 2: I removed the mention of EN to avoid any confusion

  returned. 

> - When `assignedUserMode=PROVIDED` The `assignedUsers` parameter will be required, and the tracked

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When `assignedUserMode=PROVIDED` tracked entities and enrollments that have any events assigned to the users specified in `assignedUsers` will be returned. `assignedUsers` is required for this mode.
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.programStage`

> Define which programStage the `eventStatus`, `eventOccurredAfter` and `eventOccurredAfter` parameter should be applied to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define which programStage the `eventStatus`, `eventOccurredBefore` and `eventOccurredAfter` parameters should be applied to.
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.eventStatus`

Get tracked entities that has at least one event with the given status. `eventStatus` must be specified together
with `eventOccurredAfter` and `eventOccurredBefore`.

> Only return tracked entity instances that has at least one event in the specified status. See also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only return tracked entities that have at least one event in the specified status. See also
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.programStage`

> Define which programStage the `eventStatus`, `eventOccurredBefore` and `eventOccurredAfter` parameters should be applied to.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Define which program stage the `eventStatus`, `eventOccurredBefore` and `eventOccurredAfter` parameters should be applied to.
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.eventStatus`

> Get tracked entities that has at least one event with the given status. `eventStatus` must be specified together

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that have at least one event with the given status. `eventStatus` must be specified together
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.programStage`

Define which program stage the `eventStatus`, `eventOccurredBefore` and `eventOccurredAfter` 
parameters should be applied to.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.eventStatus`

Get tracked entities that have at least one event with the given status. `eventStatus` must be 

> specified together

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
specified together with `eventOccurredAfter` and `eventOccurredBefore`.
```

join with the next line

with `eventOccurredAfter` and `eventOccurredBefore`.

Only return tracked entities that have at least one event in the specified status. See also
`programStage`.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.eventOccurredAfter`

> Get tracked entities with an event occurred after given date and time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities with an event that occurred after the given date and time.
```

This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included 
in the response. `eventOccurredAfter` must be specified together with `eventStatus` and 
`eventOccurredBefore`.

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.eventOccurredBefore`

Get tracked entities with an event occurred before given date and time.
This parameter is inclusive, so results with the exact date and time specified will be included 

> in the response.

Reviewer 3: join with the next line

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.potentialDuplicate`

> Get tracked entities that is marked as a potential duplicate.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Get tracked entities that are marked as potential duplicates.
```

### `*.parameter.TrackedEntityRequestParams.includeDeleted`

> Include deleted tracked entities, enrollments and events in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include deleted tracked entities, enrollments, events and relationships in the response.
```
